Good morning, family.
How are y'all doing today?
Praise the Lord.
I have some things on my heart to talk about that I've been praying over.
The Lord told me specific things; He said, 'Brandon, you cannot share everything I've been telling you right now.
' Folks, we're about to see a great shaking to awaken, and a lot of the body of Christ is not ready; they're not here.
The Lord told me, 'Brandon, I want you to keep bringing the people to me.
Get ready with the catcher's mitts, for they're coming in hot.
Be a light in the darkness, for the darkness is about to become even darker.
You will see in the days ahead things that you never dreamed you were going to see—things that I never dreamed that I was going to see.
' I thought the rapture of the church was going to take place way before all this, and some of the things that the Lord is showing me involve shock and awe.
I've been praying over our new president and his government.
A lot of people are still focused on the finances, and you're missing it.
People email me saying, 'Brandon, you told us to invest in this or that,' but I've never told you to invest in anything, not one time.
I do not watch prophetic videos because I do not want them influencing what I'm hearing from the Holy Spirit myself.
If you want to jump from prophetic video to prophetic video, that's up to you, but you need to seek God yourself.
This is not a time to play 'prophet telephone.
' It's like that game where you whisper something in someone's ear, and by the time it gets back to you, it's something totally different than whenever it left your mouth.
The Lord told me, 'Brandon, I'm about to clean house in a major way.
' Anyway, the way I saw it in the spirit: the true voices of the Father are going to come up to a higher level in an intimacy that is beyond comprehension.
Those who are not hearing clearly—who are adding flesh to it or hearing familiar spirits—need to be careful.
Sometimes it is just your own thoughts, your own mind talking to you, and you're calling it prophetic.
The Lord showed me this is going to magnify because it requires going vertical, losing yourself in Him, and being desperate for change.
I watch Billy Burke and Rodney Howard-Browne to fan the flame, to keep being filled so the new wine doesn't turn to vinegar.
Many are living on five-year-old manna, a five-year-old Rhema word from God, and you're not going from glory to glory.
The first person I've met recently who has a true prophetic leading was Prophet Joseph Z.
I don't even want to watch his videos now because I want to keep my hearing of the Holy Spirit separate from his.
It's about seeking Him; when you knock, the door will be opened.
I have an urgency to tell you: it's time to get your wood un-wet and fan that flame.
Arise and shine, for the glory of the Lord is risen upon you.
It's all hands on deck right now.
The Lord said He's done with the mixture and the lukewarm.
Judgment begins in His house first, starting with the leaders and prophetic voices.
He spoke thunderously about the leadership of the church.
I had to pull my car over; I felt the holiness of God.
He said there will be no compromise in His true voices.
He spoke about people focused on crypto for selfish gain.
He said 75% of the people on this platform are here for selfish gain, but the other 25% have a true hunger.
He said as I bring correction, some will leave, and that's okay; He will bring true prayer warriors to fill their positions.
We're about to see the greatest harvest of souls, but first, a shaking to awaken.
There's a rat within America; I've seen things I can't even go into depth about.
Get your house in order.
Think 'Red Dawn' and watch Cuba.
The last administration was corrupt and allowed criminal things.
We're about to see shaking in the heavens—asteroids and signs that humans can't control.
When they call 'peace and safety,' sudden destruction will come.
We must pray for President Trump to have supernatural discernment and wisdom.
Tariffs on Canada and Mexico...
there's something wrong in the atmosphere.
The trucks, the vans, the planes—it's time to come up higher in your discernment.
Over the past four years, very evil people have crossed the border.
In a 24-hour period, everything you know as stability will change.
9/11 and COVID changed the world in a day; listen to what's coming.
Take your eyes off your pocketbook and look vertical.
Fast and pray.
I will have to stand alone on some things I say, but in time they will prove accurate.
Focus on protecting your household and hearing Him for yourself.
He said, 'They're coming in hot, Brandon, and you've got to have your catcher's mitts on.
' After 9/11, everyone ran to church, but many found a lukewarm gospel.
This time, they will run to you, the 25%.
Be that vessel God can use.
What I've seen in the last 48 hours has shaken me; I've been told not to speak it publicly as it would put my family in danger.
Focus on His face to know what's needed for your house.
Regarding finances, the enemy wants to shake you out.
You must hear His voice like the ticking of a clock.
I warned you about the chickens back in 2022, and look at the egg shortages now.
Pray about what I'm telling you.
Seek Him daily, fast something like social media or coffee, and put Him first.
I've been instructed I can't say certain things, but I want to take communion with y'all.
Remember: 'Red Dawn' and the rats inside.
Pray for the President's discernment; handle the bear with care.
Father, we thank You.
Our desire is to fall more in love with You.
I pray for the 25% here.
We'll do live prayer for the planes and other events.
We thank You, Lord, for the body of Jesus and Your stripes that heal us.
We apply the blood of Jesus over our homes, marriages, and finances.
No weapon formed against us shall prosper.
We apply the blood over our families and churches.
We hear Your voice, and a stranger's we will not follow.
You are the miracle-working God.
You deserve the glory and the honor, Lord.
We lift our hands in worship as we bless Your holy name.
For You are great; You do miracles so great.
There is no one else like You.
We're about to see something we've never seen before.
I'm thankful the Lord chose us to be born into this generation for such a time as this.
Labor pains will get more intense in the days ahead, but the glorious church will rise.
I bless your finances and supplies.
I believe for supernatural harvest and health.
We are rooted and grounded in Him.
God is a god of abundant supply.
I hope this blessed and shook you.
Check out our other channels in the description.
Like and subscribe to help the algorithm.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart because Jesus loves you.
Relationship, not religion.
God bless you all.
Bye-bye.